Project 4 - Submission Form


Story number and name: 2. (@mentions in comments)
Story points: 6
Brief description to see the story in action:
When you are logged in, you can add a mention to any comment section
on any photo by typing in '@'. When you do so, a list of user will 
appear below and you can select one of them for your mention. 
Once you added a comment, you may go to their user deatil view and
see if they have any mentions. This story has the socket functionality
implemented into it.


Story number and name: 5. (Deleting comments, photos, and users)
Story points: 4
Brief description to see the story in action:
Next to every comment that user logged in made, there is a button  
that says "DELETE COMMENT". If you click on it, the comment will
be deleted. The Advanced Features of viewing the comment count will 
automatically be updated. Under each of the photos that the user that
is logged in posted will have a "DELETE PHOTO" button. If you click 
on it, the photo will be deleted. The Advanced Features of viewing 
the photo count will automatically be updated. Finally, at the Top 
Bar, there is a button to delete your account. If you click on it,
a modal will show up to confirm the deletion. If you accept, all of 
your comments, photos and favorites will be deleted, and your account 
as well. You can no longer log back in with that user. If you log in
with a different user, you will be able to see all of these changes.


Story number and name: 7. (Favorite list of photos for users)
Story points: 6
Brief description to see the story in action:
Under each Photo of any user, there will be a heart-shaped icon that 
you may press. If you do, it will favorite the photo and turn red. 
You can unfavorite it by clicking on it again and the red filling
will go away. At the Top bar, there is a button where you can go to
the favorites page. Here you can see all of your favorited photos.
There will be an 'x' on the top right of each photo to unfavorite it.
You may also click on the photo and a modal of the photo will pop up.

Total Story Points: 16

Marketing Video URL (ensure permissions are set to public viewing):


Is it OK if we post your Marketing Video URL on the class discussion forum?
No

Any special instructions for grading (it should be easy for someone to run your
app from a new machine):
None
